hi professors!

i wanted to add this notes section into my second submission to explain some things, especially because this project file is super messsy and probably confusing haha! i started off with the idea to create a game where users are in a house and look for objects to defeat ghosts. i was really struggling with creating this game. despite attending office hours and spending a lot of time doing research, using java documentation, using resources on stack overflow, w3schools, etc., i was very stuck and not moving forward with the project. i was feeling very frustrated with myself because i was spending so much time working on it but i really wasn't moving forward! i decided to change my game a bit and was able to create a text-based adventure game in GhostbustersGame.java, the only thing is that this is only using one class and i know a big part of this project was learning about connections between classes. i slacked jordan about completely scrapping my game and starting from scratch, but i realised i didn't clarify that i meant creating a different type of program that's not really an adventure game. i know any other programs were supposed to be approved beforehand and i didn't get it approved before creating it, i'm really sorry about that!

my current program for this project is in Plan.java, PlanOptions.java, and PlanRecommendation.java and it is a recommendations programs to get ideas for activties based on user input. i left all other files that i worked on throughout this project in here just to include the stages i was at with trying to figure things out. i'm so sorry about this long note and for changing up my project so many times, i was definitely a mess with this! i hope it's fine that i came up with a new idea, let me know if you have any questions about this or if there's anything i should do. thanks so much and sorry again!!!